Add an example and type enhancement for TextStreamer (#1066)
huggingface/transformers.js: docs/source/pipelines.md

It adds depth and richness without being overpowering its taste buds alone
```

### Streaming

> Some pipelines such as `text-generation` or whisper `speech-to-text` models support streaming output. For example, when using a chat model like `Qwen2.5-Coder-0.5B-Instruct`, you can specify a callback function that will be called with each generated token text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some pipelines such as `text-generation` or `automatic-speech-recognition` support streaming output. This is achieved using the `TextStreamer` class. For example, when using a chat model like `Qwen2.5-Coder-0.5B-Instruct`, you can specify a callback function that will be called with each generated token text (if unset, new tokens will be printed to the console).
```

```js
import { pipeline, TextStreamer } from "@huggingface/transformers";

// Create a text generation pipeline
const generator = await pipeline(
  "text-generation",
  "onnx-community/Qwen2.5-Coder-0.5B-Instruct",
  { dtype: "q4" },
);

// Define the list of messages
const messages = [
  { role: "system", content: "You are a helpful assistant." },
  { role: "user", content:  "Write a quick sort algorithm." },
];

// Create text streamer

> const streamer = new TextStreamer(generator.tokenizer, {
>   skip_prompt: true,
>   callback_function: (text) => process.stdout.write(text), // Stream to command line
> })

Reviewer: Unfortunately, `process.stdout` isn't available in browser environments, so I think we should replace this with another function. I know that `console.log` outputs everything on a new line, which doesn't look great.

In fact, how it is defined here is the default when running in Node.js, so perhaps we can do this:

```suggestion
const streamer = new TextStreamer(generator.tokenizer, {
  skip_prompt: true,
  // Optionally, do something with the text (e.g., write to a textbox)
  // callback_function: (text) => { /* Do something with text */ },
})
```

```

<pre>

Logging `result[0].generated_text` to the console gives:

```python
def quick_sort(arr):
    if len(arr) <= 1:
        return arr

    pivot = arr[len(arr) // 2]
    left = [x for x in arr if x < pivot]
    middle = [x for x in arr if x == pivot]
    right = [x for x in arr if x > pivot]

    return quick_sort(left) + middle + quick_sort(right)

# Example usage:
arr = [3, 6, 8, 10, 1, 2]
sorted_arr = quick_sort(arr)
print(sorted_arr)
```

### Explanation:

- **Base Case**: If the array has less than or equal to one element (i.e., `len(arr)` is less than or equal to `1`), it is already sorted and can be returned as is.

- **Pivot Selection**: The pivot is chosen as the middle element of the array.

- **Partitioning**: The array is partitioned into three parts: elements less than the pivot (`left`), elements equal to the pivot (`middle`), and elements greater than the pivot (`right`). These partitions are then recursively sorted.

- **Recursive Sorting**: The subarrays are sorted recursively using `quick_sort`.

This approach ensures that each recursive call reduces the problem size by half until it reaches a base case.
```

> </pre>

Reviewer: I would recommend putting this in a `<details>` tag to avoid cluttering the main content.

For example:
```
<details>

<summary>Open here</summary>

Content goes here

</details>
```

Would look like:

<details>

<summary>Open here</summary>

Content goes here

</details>

Author: I've made the fix. Could you check?
